Guess what Adam?
What Martha?
We have finally made it.
We get to learn about
sample-based ARL methods and
you know what that means, right?
Maybe.
We can learn solely
from trial and
error interaction,
only from experience.
All ages can learn how
the world works on their own.
This means we don't need
a model of the world.
All we need is data.
But we can still use the model,
if we have it, by simulating
experience from it.
In fact, you'll see how many
sample-based learning
algorithms are based on
value functions and ideas
from dynamic programming.
This includes one of the most
fundamental algorithms in
reinforce learning called
temporal difference learning.
We'll mirror the
structure of Course 1.
We first start with methods to
learn value functions
for prediction.
Then you'll see how to learn
action values for control.
Finally, we'll talk
about how to do
planning with the learned model.
We'll kick things
off with Monte Carlo
methods, and after that,
we will discuss how
TD methods can also
be used for prediction
and control.
We will see how
TD control methods
like SARSA and Q-Learning
are connected to
generalized policy iteration
and Bellman operators.
Along the way, we'll talk a
lot about expiration which
is critical when learning from
trial and error interaction.
You'll also be introduced
to off policy learning,
which is essential when
learning from experience.
We'll finish
this course with Dyna,
an integrated architecture for
planning, learning and acting.
We'll talk about some of
the new issues that arise
when planning with learn models
that could be inaccurate.
Course to explore is
the foundations of
online learning algorithms
used throughout
reinforced learning.
We will continue in the tabular
setting for now where we
can learn a table of values
assuming a finite MDP.
In Course 3, we'll extend
our online algorithms to
the function
approximation setting.
But for now, there are
many issues to discuss and
problems to solve even in
this simplified setting.
Let's continue
our journey through
the theory and practice
of reinforced learning.
So grab a drink and something
to take notes with,
look at our artificial
intelligence. Here, we come.